feat: Add canister_metrics endpoint on management canister (#6217)
dfinity/portal: docs/references/ic-interface-spec.md

All sizes are expressed in bytes.

### IC method `canister_metrics` {#ic-canister_metrics}

> This method can be called by external users with subnet admin privileges via ingress messages or non-replicated (query) calls. It can also be called by canisters in replicated mode, i.e. no composite query calls are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method can be called by canisters as well as by external users via ingress messages.
This method can also be called by external users via non-replicated (query) calls, but it cannot be called from composite query calls.
```
let's follow what we say for canister_status

  E.content.arg = candid({canister_id = CanisterId, …})
  E.content.sender ∈ S.controllers[CanisterId] ∪ S.subnet_admins[S.canister_subnet[CanisterId]]
  E.content.method_name ∈
    { "start_canister", "stop_canister", "uninstall_code", "delete_canister", "canister_status", "canister_metrics" }
) ∨ (
  E.content.canister_id = ic_principal
  E.content.sender ∈ S.subnet_admins[S.canister_subnet[ECID]]
  E.content.method_name ∈

>     { "create_canister" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
this was duplicated

Author: Ah good catch, likely a bad merge from my side.

```

> #### IC Management Canister: Canister metrics

Reviewer: Since this is also exposed as a query, we should mention that here (please see canister status for an example).

```

#### IC Management Canister: Canister metrics

Only the controllers of the given canister or subnet admins can get metrics about it.

> ``html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```
